README.md, before:

[![MELPA](http://melpa.org/packages/ace-jump-buffer-badge.svg)](http://melpa.org/#/ace-jump-buffer)
[![MELPA Stable](http://stable.melpa.org/packages/ace-jump-buffer-badge.svg)](http://stable.melpa.org/#/ace-jump-buffer)

## Ace Jump Buffer

`ace-jump-buffer` is an extension for [`avy`](https://github.com/abo-abo/avy) and the native `bs` buffer menu that lets you hop to Emacs buffers in 2-3 key strokes.

### Installation

Install from [MELPA](melpa.milkbox.net) with `package-install ace-jump-buffer`, or drop `ace-jump-buffer.el`, `avy.el`, and [`dash.el`](https://github.com/magnars/dash.el) into your load path.

### Commands

#### `(ace-jump-buffer)`
Open the buffer menu and go to the selected buffer in the current window.

#### `(ace-jump-buffer-with-configuration)`
Select a `bs-configuration`, then show its buffer menu and go to the selected buffer.  

#### `(ace-jump-buffer-other-window)`
Open the buffer menu and go to the selected buffer in other window.  

#### `(ace-jump-buffer-in-one-window)`
Open the buffer menu and go to the selected buffer in full window.  

#### `(ace-jump-same-mode-buffers)`
Show a menu of buffers of the same mode as the current buffer.

#### `(ace-jump-persp-buffers)`
Show a menu of buffers in the current perspective (`persp-mode` required.).

#### `(ace-jump-projectile-buffers)`
Show a menu of buffers in the current project (`projectile` required.).

### Variables

#### `ajb-max-window-height`
The max window height for the buffer menu. The default is 20.

#### `ajb-sort-function`
The function for sorting buffers in the menu. Options:

* `nil`: Use the default `(buffer-list)` ordering [default]
* `'bs--sort-by-recentf`
* `'bs--sort-by-name`
* `'bs--sort-by-size`
* `'bs--sort-by-filename`
* `'bs--sort-by-mode`

#### `ajb-bs-configuration`
The `bs` configuration to use when displaying the menu with
`ace-jump-buffer`. Options:

* `"all"`: Show all buffers [default]
* `"persp"`: If you use
  [`perspective`](https://github.com/nex3/perspective-el) or [`persp-mode`](https://github.com/Bad-ptr/persp-mode.el), you may set
  this to scope the buffer list to your current perspective.
* `"projectile"`: If you use
  [`projectile`](https://github.com/bbatsov/projectile), you may set
  this to scope the buffer list to your current project.

#### `ajb-style`
The method of displaying the overlays for `ace-jump-buffer`. 
Defaults to `'at-full` which is the default value of `avy`.

### Macro

`(make-ace-jump-buffer-function)` takes two variables: a string name and the body of a buffer rejection filter function.

For example, if you wanted an `ace-jump-buffer` function for pulling up your `*shell-mode*` buffers:

``` elisp
(make-ace-jump-buffer-function "shell"
  (with-current-buffer buffer
    (not (eq major-mode 'shell-mode))))
```

This would create a `bs-configurations` option named "shell" and a callable defun named `(ace-jump-shell-buffers)`.

### Changelog

*0.4* - Changed the internal jumping library from `ace-jump-mode` to
`avy`. `ajb-home-row-keys` was depreciated as the default `avy-keys`
are set to the lower-cased home-row keys.

*0.3* - Introduced a macro for easily making custom `ace-jump-buffer`
filters and interactive functions

Commit message:

add note about frog-jump-buffer

README.md, after:

[![MELPA](http://melpa.org/packages/ace-jump-buffer-badge.svg)](http://melpa.org/#/ace-jump-buffer)
[![MELPA Stable](http://stable.melpa.org/packages/ace-jump-buffer-badge.svg)](http://stable.melpa.org/#/ace-jump-buffer)

## Ace Jump Buffer

`ace-jump-buffer` is an extension for
[`avy`](https://github.com/abo-abo/avy) and the native `bs` buffer
menu that lets you hop to Emacs buffers in 2-3 key strokes.

Alternately, you might be interested in this package’s spiritual
successor -
[`frog-jump-buffer`](https://github.com/waymondo/frog-jump-buffer) -
which is a newer, similar package that is more performant and
flexible.

### Installation

Install from [MELPA](melpa.milkbox.net) with `package-install ace-jump-buffer`, or drop `ace-jump-buffer.el`, `avy.el`, and [`dash.el`](https://github.com/magnars/dash.el) into your load path.

### Commands

#### `(ace-jump-buffer)`
Open the buffer menu and go to the selected buffer in the current window.

#### `(ace-jump-buffer-with-configuration)`
Select a `bs-configuration`, then show its buffer menu and go to the selected buffer.  

#### `(ace-jump-buffer-other-window)`
Open the buffer menu and go to the selected buffer in other window.  

#### `(ace-jump-buffer-in-one-window)`
Open the buffer menu and go to the selected buffer in full window.  

#### `(ace-jump-same-mode-buffers)`
Show a menu of buffers of the same mode as the current buffer.

#### `(ace-jump-persp-buffers)`
Show a menu of buffers in the current perspective (`persp-mode` required.).

#### `(ace-jump-projectile-buffers)`
Show a menu of buffers in the current project (`projectile` required.).

### Variables

#### `ajb-max-window-height`
The max window height for the buffer menu. The default is 20.

#### `ajb-sort-function`
The function for sorting buffers in the menu. Options:

* `nil`: Use the default `(buffer-list)` ordering [default]
* `'bs--sort-by-recentf`
* `'bs--sort-by-name`
* `'bs--sort-by-size`
* `'bs--sort-by-filename`
* `'bs--sort-by-mode`

#### `ajb-bs-configuration`
The `bs` configuration to use when displaying the menu with
`ace-jump-buffer`. Options:

* `"all"`: Show all buffers [default]
* `"persp"`: If you use
  [`perspective`](https://github.com/nex3/perspective-el) or [`persp-mode`](https://github.com/Bad-ptr/persp-mode.el), you may set
  this to scope the buffer list to your current perspective.
* `"projectile"`: If you use
  [`projectile`](https://github.com/bbatsov/projectile), you may set
  this to scope the buffer list to your current project.

#### `ajb-style`
The method of displaying the overlays for `ace-jump-buffer`. 
Defaults to `'at-full` which is the default value of `avy`.

### Macro

`(make-ace-jump-buffer-function)` takes two variables: a string name and the body of a buffer rejection filter function.

For example, if you wanted an `ace-jump-buffer` function for pulling up your `*shell-mode*` buffers:

``` elisp
(make-ace-jump-buffer-function "shell"
  (with-current-buffer buffer
    (not (eq major-mode 'shell-mode))))
```

This would create a `bs-configurations` option named "shell" and a callable defun named `(ace-jump-shell-buffers)`.

### Changelog

*0.4* - Changed the internal jumping library from `ace-jump-mode` to
`avy`. `ajb-home-row-keys` was depreciated as the default `avy-keys`
are set to the lower-cased home-row keys.

*0.3* - Introduced a macro for easily making custom `ace-jump-buffer`
filters and interactive functions
